Hey, no need, I'll still slaughter the rich woman
Oh yes, sir
Just now, this one said that free shipping is for our uncle.
It must be an old, dark, and
Ugly rich woman
Just tell me what he is like
So brave
No no not me I I I didn't say I didn't say
He also scolded Zhenzhen and Uncle
He also said that the uncle stole something
And said we didn't deserve to come here
Throw this bitch at me
No, no.
Yufei save me
Chen Yufei, you bastard
Didn't you say you would always love me?
Have you always protected me?
Shut up, you bitch, it's nothing to do
Offend two big shots
Love you I bah
I just want to see you young for fun
You have no idea.
Chen Yufei, you are not human
You you you are a dog
Don't bitches and dogs last forever?
I don't know what you are like
I still love you
Two-bit two-bit
Yeah, sorry.
It's my fault. It's my fault.
I'm all blinded by this little bitch
I apologize to both of you.
My fault my fault
General Manager Chen is really gaining power during the trial.
But
I still prefer the kind just now by General Manager Chen
Unruly look
Exactly.
When you just asked uncle to lick your shoes for you
Not so humble